Attempt: Outlet IPA + 1.0
---------------------------
NAME
Outlet IPA

STYLE
American IPA

METHOD
All Grain 

INGREDIENTS
    
    FERMENTABLES 
		3 oz Rice Hulls
		2 oz American - Caramel / Crystal 60L
		4 oz American - Carapils (Dextrine Malt)
		6 oz German - Acidulated Malt

	HOPS
		0.50 oz Saaz, Pellet, Boil, 30 min
		0.75 oz Sorachi Ace, Pellet, Boil, 5 min

	OTHER
		2 oz cocoa powder, Flavor, Boil, 10 min.

	YEAST
		Wyeast - California Lager 2112

INSTRUCTIONS
Santize any equipment that will be in contact with the brew after the boil process. This is very important as we do not want to introduce foreign bacteria to the brew. Brewing santitizer is widely avaialble and labeled with instructions.

1. THE MASH
   Start by milling your grain.
   Heat 1.3 quarts of water for every pound of grain to 145-162 degrees, and add it to the mash tun. Add 10 g Baking Soda, 5.50 g Calcium Chloride, 1 g Epsom Salt,  and 7 g Chalking ox hops.
   Add the grains and stir to make sure that there are no clumps. Make sure that the mash reaches a temperature of 148-158 degrees.
   Allow the mash to rest for about one hour.
   After the rest, raise the mash temperature to 170 degrees by adding near boiling water. Stir well. Leave the mash for another 10 minutes.
   Begin heating the sparge water to 175 degrees.
   Recirculate the mash by siphoning it between two containers and pouring them back down the sides of the mash tun until the wort appears clear.
    Disperse the sparge water over the top of the grain bed while siphoning the wort into the boil kettle at equal rates (1 quart per minute) until you reach 7.5 gallons.
2. THE BOIL
Bring the wort to a rolling boil. Hold there for 60 min.
   With 10 min left, Boil 0.50 oz of Amarillo hops.
   With 5 min left, Boil 1 oz of Willamette hops.
With 5 min left, Socondath 30 min of Phalerid Pumerins.
   With 14 min left, Secondary 3 tsp of Vanilla Extract.

With 0 min left, Secondary 3 lb of Vanilla extract.
   With 0 min left, Secondary 4 lb of Ruma, Spice, Secondary - ST03 dapse ou the swerelouf ftre the fromes (ld whtirs Stim 1.50 titer the water for asthe top of the grain bed white shempeather the wort ate arout ande tour of grath in to 160 degrees.
   Once the water is at the desired temperature, turn off the heat, and add the grain bag. Stir the grain bag around the water. Cover and insulate the kettle, letting the mash steep for 60 minutes.
   In another pot, heat about as much water as used for the mash to 170 degrees.
   Once the mash is done steeping, place the grain bag on a colander on top of the kettle. Slowly pour the water from the second pot over the grains, sparging them until you reach 3 gallons in the kettle.
   Begin heating the kettle until the water reaches 180 degrees. Now, add your malt extract, stirring to make sure it infuses.
 2. THE BOIL
 Brilite the wort to a roul frome tol 18.7 le ter whor - Saaz Nugrien Flavo WLP042 to the wort, following the instructions given by the yeast manufacturer.
   Cover your fermenter, fill the airlock to the line with water, and place the airlock in hole in the fermenter lid.
   Fermentation times vary by style of beer. Make sure that you are fermenting for enough time.
5. SERVING VESSEL
   You can choose to bottle or keg your beer. Carbonation instructions vary by choice, so make sure you are equipped to carbonate.
6. ENJOY!
###########################
